Gangs are groups of allied players. The members of a gang have a private
shared bank account and access to the gang file servers located throughout
Cyberspace (which they can use to share files). 

Additionally, gangs compete against one another by scoring "gang points". 
Whenever a member of a gang performs some kind of malicious act in Cyberspace 
(erasing or destroying programs and docs, crashing systems, etc) they score a 
gang point. Depending on how your sysop has configured the game, the gang (or 
gangs) with the most gang points scored on any given day will be rewarded 
with cash by the criminal "powers that be". The higher your gang's ranking 
(by score) along with how many members in your gang scored points that day
determines how much money you are rewarded. The money is credited directly to 
your gang's bank account (during daily system cleanup).

If you don't belong to a gang, you can use the gang command to list all of
the current gangs in the game as well as the members in each gang. You can
also choose to start your own gang (for which there is no charge or
prerequisite). There is no limit to the number of gangs that can be in the
game and there is no minimum or maximum number of players that can belong
to any one gang.

Once you belong to a gang, you can use the gang command for the following
operations:

- Resign from your gang. If you don't want to be in a gang anymore, you
  can simply resign. If you are gang leader, you must first transfer
  leadership to another gang member (if any) before resigning. If the gang
  leader is, for some reason, removed from the game (suicide, deleted for
  inactivity, etc) gang leadership is transferred to some randomly chosen 
  other gang member. If there are no other gang members, the gang is simply
  disolved.

- Display general gang info. This display shows various information about
  your gang, including bank and file server access codes, bank balances,
  gang ranks, etc.

- Access gang bank account. Each gang has it's own private bank account
  where members can pool their cash. The bank account (like all bank
  accounts) has it's own secret access code. You can withdraw and deposit
  cash, check the activity ledger for questionable transactions, change the
  access code, and check the total gang balance as well as your gang balance.

- Set gang members' ranks. Each member of a gang has a rank within the gang.
  The name and special permissions for each rank are configureable by the
  gang leader only. What each rank actually means within the gang is up
  to the gang itself to decide. Basically gang ranks are a way to both 
  indicate chain of command/status within the gang, as well as limit who has
  special permissions within the gang.

- Configure ranks. As previously mentioned, each gang member is assigned
  a specific rank within the gang. Each rank has it's own unique title and
  set of special permissions within the gang. Permissions which can be set
  for each rank are: Rename Gang, Bank Withdraw, Set Rank, Invite, Kick-Out,
  and Change Access Codes. You can also specify which rank new members are, 
  by default, set to. 

- Invite a new member into the gang. To bring a new member into the gang,
  you must first invite them. It is then up to them to decide whether to
  accept or decline your invitation. A player does not need to be currently
  signed on to the game to be invited. Once invited, a player uses the
  gang command to accept or decline the invitation.

- Kick a member out of the gang. Pretty self-explainatory.

- Transfer gang leadership. For use by the gang leader to appoint some other
  member as gang leader.

- Rename the gang. Each gang has it's own unique name. Gangs are by default
  given a generic name (GANG#X), so when you start your own gang you should
  first go ahead and give it a name in keeping with your gangster 
  philosophies.

- File Server operations. Each gang can have a centralized location for
  sharing files by making use of the various Gang File Servers located 
  throughout Cyberspace. File Servers are systems where gangs can purchase 
  storage space. When you start a new gang, your gang does not start out with 
  any File Server storage space. It must be purchased (the cost for each File 
  Server memory unit is equal to the normal cost of purchasing a memory 
  unit). Each gang is assigned a unique File Server access code. When 
  entering a File Server, you approach a gate and provide it with your gang's 
  file server access code. Once a valid code is supplied, your gang's File 
  Server memory (if any) will immediately be uploaded to the File Server's 
  memory units. You can then store and retrieve files as desired. When you
  exit the File Server, your gang's files will be downloaded out of the File
  Server's memory and safely stored for the next gang member to come along.
  All cities in Cyberspace have a File Server system, however you can 
  specifically designate which cities will allow their File Servers to access
  your gang's files. A gang member must have "Change Access Codes" permission
  or they will not be allowed to alter the allowed/disallowed file servers
  for your gang. For security purposes (since File Server access codes can be 
  hacked) it's probably a good idea to limit in which cities your gang 
  members can access your gang's file server memory.

  File Server Behavior & Security
  -------------------------------
  File Server systems act like any other system in the net when no
  legitimate gang members are inside accessing the file server memory. I.E.
  if attacked, they will attempt to defend themselves. If you succeed in
  breaking into a file server by means other than providing a legitimate
  gang access code, you will only find the file server's defense programs
  (and the like) and not some gang's files (and if you're lucky, you might
  just find a document containing a gang's access code).

  If a file server is running any programs (i.e. it has been attacked), it
  will not allow access to a gang member attempting to enter by means of
  entering a gang access code until such time as all of it's programs
  have stopped running. 

  If a gang member has entered a file server, the only players who will be 
  allowed to enter that file server are players who can supply the same gang 
  access code. Players attempting to supply a different gang access code will 
  be denied legitimate access to that file server until such time as the 
  player (or players) already inside leave. They can, however, go to some
  different city and access the file server there (providing no one is
  using it).

  For security reasons, it is not possible for two players to simultaneously
  access file servers in different cities using the same gang access code.
  If a fellow gang member in city X is inside of a file server using your
  gang's access code and you are in city Y, you will either have to also go 
  to city X and access the same file server, or wait until they exit the
  server in city X so you can then access the server in city Y.

