Usage: memory
or     memory <memory number>

The memory command displays a summary of the contents of your Cyberdeck's
memory chips (and if you're jacked-in, any nearby memory). To see the 
contents of a specific memory chip, type it's number for your deck's memory 
or a direction (N,S,E,W) for memory that's nearby.

When viewing the contents of a specific memory chip, you have the following
options:

Erase
 Erase a specified program or document.

Move
 Move a specified program or document to a different memory unit. In
 Vendor systems, you buy and sell programs using move. When you move
 a program from the vendor's memory to your memory, your bank account
 is charged the cost of the program. And when you move a program from
 your memory into the Vendor's memory, your bank account is credited
 with the resale value of the program.

Read
 Documents you find when breaking into systems are generally of dubious
 worth. Reading one might give you a better idea of it's value. Still,
 not every document that says "Secret Plans to Conquer the Universe" is
 worth the electronic paper it's printed on. The only sure way to find out
 if a document is worth something is by bringing it to a Criminal system
 and seeing if the Fence offers you anything for it.

Zipper
 The Zipper utility of your deck packs and unpacks files. A packed program
 takes up 1/2 the memory space it would normally take up (down to a minimum
 of 1). 

Unlock
 If you have an available Unlocker program in your memory, you can run it
 to unlock a program or document.

Store (to backup chip)
 If you are not jacked-in, and have a backup chip reader and at least one
 backup chip, you can move files from your online memory to backup chip.
 Your backup unit plugs in while offline, and is removed while jacked-in.
 So, it is totally safe storage (ICE cannot harm it, since it is not
 connected to your deck while jacked-in). To examine and/or retrieve the
 contents of your backup chip(s), use the "chips" command.
