*Camoflage
 Camoflage hides a system in the net. When Camoflage is run inside of a
 system, other players will no longer be able to see that system from
 the city view (unless they are running Radar).
*NetSpeed
 NetSpeed allows you to move faster on the City/Frontier level. While
 running NetSpeed, you can specify a number of spaces to move along with
 your desired direction of movement, e.g. "north 5" (or "n 5" for short)
 to move 5 spaces to the north. You can move up to 10 spaces at once using 
 NetSpeed. NetSpeed does not allow you to move any faster while making Net 
 level long-distance hops or while moving inside of a system.
*BlackKey
 BlackKey is an admittance utility that allows you to enter the end-game
 systems.
*RedKey
 RedKey is an admittance utility that allows you to enter the end-game
 systems.
*GreyKey
 GreyKey is an admittance utility that allows you to enter the end-game
 systems.
*WhiteKey
 WhiteKey is an admittance utility that allows you to enter the end-game
 systems.
*Mimic
 Mimic is a very weak form of ICE- basically a bluff. You can designate
 Mimic to look like any program (real or made-up) and send it after a
 player. Mimic has no offensive capabilities. It simply pursues a player
 and stops once it catches up to them. However, the player will not know
 that it is a Mimic and not the real thing until they either probe it,
 or let it catch them.
*Trace
 Trace traces the cyberspace signal of another player and tells you where
 (what city and system) they are in. Trace must be run in the cyberdeck
 of the player you want to trace. To receive constant updates of the
 whereabouts of a traced player, leave Trace running in their system and
 use the "where" command to find out where they are. Once Traced, you can
 then target the player with offensive ICE, regardless of where they are
 in the Net.
*Bulldozer
 Knocks holes in data walls. Success depends on Bulldozer's strength versus
 Wall's strength.
*Mole
 Knocks holes in data walls. Always succeeds (as long as the wall in question
 has a strength less than 100). Can be destroyed by Snout.
*Unlocker
 Unlocks files. Success depends on Unlocker's strength versus strength of 
 file lock.
*GateCrash
 Opens locked gates. Success depends on GateCrash's strength versus strength
 of the gate. If Gatecrash is VERY successful, it will actually determine
 the system's gate password and report it to you.
*Sentry
 Reports the presence of other players and programs. Can run in either a 
 system or a city.
*Guardian
 Reports the presence of other players and programs. Pursues players and 
 attempts to knock them out of the net. Can run in either a system or a city.
*Radar
 Reports the presence of invisible players and Hydras. Success depends on
 Radar's strength versus strength of player's Cloak, or strength of cloaked
 Hydra. Each Radar can track a single cloaked target, so to detect multiple
 cloaked targets in your region of Cyberspace, you'd need to run multiple
 Radars.
*Surge
 Seeks target player and attempts to destroy their deck's interface.
*Lightning
 Seeks target player and attempts to destroy their entire deck.
*Crash
 Attacks target CPU in a system and attempts to temporarily disable it. 
 Success depends on Crash's strength versus the speed of the CPU. The
 duration of the crash depends on Crash's strength. If all CPUs in a system 
 are crashed, the system drops out of the net.
*Punter
 Seeks target player and attempts to crash all their cpus (thus knocking 
 them out of the net).
*Blob
 Attaches to target CPU - causes all programs run by that system to run 
 slower (the stronger the Blob, the slower the infected system will run).
*Virus
 Seeks out memory inside a system and erases the contents of each memory
 unit it comes in contact with. Can be destroyed by Anti-Virus.
*Cloak
 Makes Hydras & players invisible to other players and attacking programs.
 Success depends on Cloak's strength vs attacking programs's strength or
 strength of other player's Radar (if they are running Radar). 
 Note: Cloak interferes with your Cyberspace signal and causes you to slowly 
 de-rez. If you leave Cloak running indefinitely, you will eventually lose 
 signal and drop out of Cyberspace. The higher the Cloak's strength, the
 faster you will derez.
*Muffler
 Makes Hydras & players invisible to attacking programs. Success depends on
 Muffler's strength versus attacking program's strength. 
 Note: Muffler interferes with your Cyberspace signal and causes you to 
 slowly de-rez. If you leave Muffler running indefinitely, you will 
 eventually lose signal and drop out of Cyberspace. The higher the Muffler's
 strength, the faster you will derez.
*Shield
 Stops all direct attacks on a player or Hydra by a program. Shield will
 always cause an attacking program to stop, but depending on the strength of 
 the Shield and the strength of the attacking program, Shield may lose 
 strength in its attempt to block the attack. Once Shield's strength reaches 
 0 or less, it is destroyed.
*Available
 An as yet undetermined program.
*Armor
 Stops all attacks on a player or Hydra by a program - attacking program
 stops when encountering Armor. Success depends on Armor's strength vs the
 attacking program's strength. Additionally, if armor fails to block an 
 attack, it will prevent some of the damage done by programs such as 
 Firebolt, Banshee, Jolt, Lobotomy, Braindrain, Phaser, Chainsaw, 
 Skulldrill, etc.
*Static
 Stuns attacking programs, causing them to momentarily freeze. Success
 depends on Static's strength versus the attacking program's strength.
*Knight
 Attacks programs- lowers their strength and stops them. If the target
 program's strength becomes 0 or less, it is totally destroyed. Success
 depends on Knight's strength versus target program's strength. Knights
 attacking ICE can suffer damage (-1 to strength) if they severely fail
 their attack roll. A Knight whose strength reaches 0 is destroyed.
*Addle
 Attacks programs- causes the targetted program to stop running and the CPU
 that was running the targetted program to crash. Success depends on Addle's 
 strength versus target program's strength. Addles attacking ICE can suffer 
 damage (-1 to strength) if they severely fail their attack roll. An Addle 
 whose strength reaches 0 is destroyed.
*Hercules
 Attacks and destroys Hydras. Success depends on Hercules' strength versus 
 target Hydra's strength. Hercules can suffer damage (-1 to strength) if it 
 severely fails it's attack roll. A Hercules whose strength reaches 0 is 
 destroyed.
*Infiltrate
 Will seek out and attack a player in an attempt to destroy a randomly 
 selected program in their deck's memory.
*Snout
 Attacks and destroys Moles. Success is automatic.
*Patriot
 Attacks and destroys Torpedos. Success is automatic.
*Icebolt
 Seeks out target player and freezes them in place - player can't move or 
 jack out.
*Jolt
 Seeks out target player and electrocutes their central nervous system.
 Removes 1-6 health points once it tracks down target player.
*Firebolt
 Seeks out target player and electrocutes their central nervous system.
 Removes 1-10 health points once it tracks down target player.
*Banshee
 Seeks out target player and electrocutes their central nervous system. 
 Removes 2-20 health points once it tracks down target player.
*Braindrain
 Seeks out target player and electrocutes their brain. Removes score 
 points equal to Braindrain's strength every attack cycle.
*Lobotomy
 Seeks out target player and electrocutes their brain. Removes score 
 points equal to Lobotomy's strength every attack cycle.
*Handcuff
 Pursues target player and prevents them from jacking out of the net.
*Torpedo
 Attacks target CPU or Memory Unit in a system and attempts to destroy it. 
 Success depends on Torpedo's strength versus the speed of the system.
 As a side-affect, all programs run by the targetted system stop running
 when torpedo is successful. If all CPUs in a system are destroyed or 
 crashed, the system drops out of the net. Torpedo can be destroyed by 
 Patriot.
*Antivirus
 Attacks and destroys any virus it detects. Success is automatic.
*Locker
 Puts a lock on a file. Once locked, file cannot be copied, moved, erased,
 packed, etc. Strength of file lock is equal to Locker's strength. Use
 Unlocker to unlock files.
*Devil 
 A Hydra that can be loaded with 2 subprograms. Hydras seek and attack 
 players (using the subprograms they are configured with).
*Fiend
 A Hydra that can be loaded with 3 subprograms. Hydras seek and attack
 players (using the subprograms they are configured with).
*Satan
 A Hydra that can be loaded with 4 subprograms. Hydras seek and attack
 players (using the subprograms they are configured with).
*Cashier
 Cashier turns a system into a Vendor system. To enter through the gate
 of a vendor system, you must provide Cashier with a valid bank access
 code. When you move programs into a Vendor's memory, Cashier transfers
 the cash value of the program to your bank account. When you move
 programs from the Vendor's memory into your memory, Cashier charges
 the value of the program to your bank account. If Cashier detects illegal
 activity, it will pursue the offending player and attempt to erase their
 memory contents and boot them out of the net.
*Phaser
 Phaser de-rezzes programs and other players. To use phaser, you "run into"
 the target (attempt to move on top of them). De-rezzed programs stop
 running and de-rezzed players drop out of the net. The amount of rez
 damage done by phaser depends on Phaser's Strength. Hydras can be configured
 with Phaser.
*Chainsaw
 Chainsaw sends powerful electric shocks through the body of a player,
 causing the player to lose body points. To use Chainsaw, you "run into" the 
 target player (attempt to move on top of them). The amount of body damage
 done by Chainsaw depends on Chainsaw's strength. Hydras can be configured
 with Chainsaw.
*Skulldrill
 Skulldrill sends powerful electric shocks through the brain of a player,
 causing the player to lose score points. To use Skulldrill, you "run 
 into" the target player (attempt to move on top of them). The amount of 
 score points remove by Skulldrill depends on Skulldrill's strength. Hydras 
 can be configured with Skulldrill.
*Tentacle
 Tentacle grabs on to a player and prevents them from moving or jacking out
 of the net. To use Tentacle, you "run into" the target player (attempt to 
 move on top of them). Hydras can be configured with Tentacle.
*Cattleprod
 Cattleprod crashes a player's deck and boots them out of the net. To use 
 Cattleprod, you "run into" the target player (attempt to move on top of 
 them). Hydras can be configured with Cattleprod.
*Gluegun
 Gluegun causes programs to freeze up and stop operating. Can be used
 against programs, players or Hydras. If used against a program or
 Hydra, the program or Hydra temporarily freezes. If used against a player, 
 any programs the player is "wearing" (defensive programs like Armor and
 Cloak, or offensive programs like Phaser and Cattleprod) temporarily
 stop operating. To use Gluegun, you "run into" the target (attempt to move
 on top of it). Hydras can be configured with Gluegun.
*Cobra
 Cobra damages (and ultimately destroys) programs. Can be used against 
 programs, players or Hydras. If used against a program or Hydra, the program 
 or Hydra is damaged and stops running. If used against a player, any 
 programs the player is "wearing" (defensive programs like Armor and Cloak, 
 or offensive programs like Phaser and Cattleprod) are damaged and stop 
 running. If the strength of the damaged program becomes 0 or less, the 
 program is destroyed. To use Cobra, you "run into" the target (attempt to 
 move on top of it). Hydras can be configured with Cobra.
*Probe
 Probes something in the net - tells you a little something about what it
 is and how strong it is. How close you need to be to the target to probe
 it depends on the strength of the probe. Probe will also tell you the
 origin city & system of a program or player.
*Barricade
 Basically a do-nothing program. It sits in the net and takes up space.
 Placing Barricade on top of a Long-Distance Phone Link prevents anyone
 from using that phone link.
*Soldier 
 Reports the presence of other players. Pursues them and attempts to both
 cause them physical damage as well as knock them out of the net. Can run in 
 either a system or a city.
*Gablink
 Gablink sits in a city or system and turns it into a "chat" room. Any
 players in the local vicinity of the gablink can freely converse with one
 another.
*Mason
 Mason sits in a system and checks for holes in the walls. If it detects
 any breaks in the wall, it will move to the hole and repair it.
*Fence
 Fence is a special Agent program used by Criminal systems. It moves to
 a gate and waits for players to come visit it. When you move into the square 
 next to a Fence, it will analyze your memory and offer you cash for any 
 valuable stolen documents you have in your possession. If you break into a 
 Criminal system, the Fence will pursue you and attempt to destroy your 
 deck's memory. You can also be assigned a criminal mission by a Fence. 
 Type "? mission" for further information. Fence is a dangerous enemy, so
 beware attacking a Criminal system.
*Imp
 Imp is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*Robot
 Robot is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*Rogue
 Rogue is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*NetWorm
 NetWorm is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*Drone
 Drone is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*CyberDroid
 CyberDroid is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown 
 origin.
*Tron
 Tron is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*Wraith
 Wraith is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*Ghost
 Ghost is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*RoadWarrior
 RoadWarrior is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown 
 origin.
*BlackKnight
 BlackKnight is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown 
 origin.
*NetRunner
 NetRunner is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*FlatLine
 FlatLine is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*MegaDeath
 MegaDeath is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*CancerMan
 CancerMan is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown origin.
*WeirdScience
 WeirdScience is an unpredictable, occasionally hostile Hydra of unknown 
 origin.
*Robocop
 Robocop is a Hydra run by The Eye (Internet Law-Enforcement). If you have
 been up to no good, watch out, there may be a Robocop (or Robocops) out
 there looking for you!

