The services command presents you with a menu of things you can only do while
offline (not jacked-in to the net):

Change Bank Code
 You can change your bank access code if you think someone might have hacked 
 it, or if you just want to change it to something more memorable.

Transfer Funds
 You can transfer money from your bank to account to another player.

Bank Activity Ledger
 Whenever money is added to, or subtracted from your bank account, a 
 ledger entry is made. If you want to see a history of your bank transactions
 or you suspect someone is using your bank account, take a look at the
 ledger.

Change Internet Code
 You can change your internet access code if you think someone might have
 hacked it, or if you just want to change it to something more memorable.

Internet Activity Ledger
 Whenever you are billed for Internet services, or your Internet account
 is credited, a ledger entry is made. If you want to see a history of your
 Internet transactions, or you suspect someone is using your Internet
 account, take a look at the ledger.

Purchase Hardware
 Head on down to the local computer hardware store and purchase stuff to
 improve your Cyberdeck.

Pawn Hardware
 Strapped for cash? Head on down to the local computer pawn shop and hock 
 some of your hardware. They only pay half what it originally cost, but hey, 
 it's better than nothing.

See the Doctor!
 If, in your nefarious activities, you encountered some nasty ICE that 
 did you bodily harm, call on the doctor for some health restoration.
 The more grievous your wounds, the more expensive the treatment.

Relocate Cities
 If you don't like your current home, hop on a plane and move to a new city.

Rent a Flat
 Living on the streets is a bummer. Renting a seedy little flat for yourself
 means you can have a direct Internet connection and don't have to pay
 street link costs. 

Flee!
 OK, so the Meat (real world) Cops are after you? You hear the sirens getting
 closer and closer? Time to flee your flat. Sure, it'll cost you a little
 money to rent a new one, but it's better than getting your deck confiscated
 (or worse). 

Change Your Alias
 If you don't like your game alias, change it.
