Use the tourney command to check the status of any LoC tournaments that your
sysop may have set up. You can also peruse through the results of any
previous tournaments that may have been run.

GAMEOP NOTES:

The following special features are available from the Gameop tournament menu:

Change tournament phase-
 A tournament cycle consists of three phases: 
 
 Pregame sign-up. During pregame, players can create their characters,
 peruse the docs, and basically do everything except actually jack-in and 
 play. Once the pregame phase expires, the tournament moves into game-play 
 phase (new people can still sign up and play even though the sign-up phase
 has expired though).

 Game play. The main tournament phase is actual game play. The game remains
 in this phase until the tournament end condition is met. This varies
 depending on the kind of tournament you've selected. If you're not running
 a tournament at all, the game stays in this phase forever.

 Post-game. Once the game end condition has been met, the tournament cycles
 into post-game phase. Like pregame, players can do anything they like except
 actually jack-in and play. Winners are posted and prizes (if any) are
 awarded during the first system cleanup following the initiation of the
 post-game phase. Once the postgame phase ends, all of the player data files
 are automatically re-initialized and a new tournament cycle is kicked off
 (back to pre-game sign-up phase).

 You can arbitrarily force a tournament into any phase you like, and in the 
 case of pre-game and post-game phases, you can specify how many minutes you
 want the phase to last.

Change tournament setup-
 Whenever a new tournament is kicked off, the parameters for the tournament
 are derived from the various level 4 CNF options relating to tournaments.
 So, you can set up a never-ending cycle of tournaments using level 4 CNF and
 then just forget about it. 

 You can also change any aspect of the current tournament, including change 
 the type of tournament, the tournament end-conditions, as well as the 
 tournament prizes.

Tournament reset-
 You can manually force a tournament to reset and be reinitialized with the 
 level 4 tournament CNF settings.

Game reset-
 You can also manually force a game reset. This basically kicks off anyone
 who is currently playing LoC, reinitializes all of the player data and
 reinitializes all of the tournament settings (again, derived from your
 level 4 tournament CNF settings).

Note; it is not possible to manually force the game to award prizes while
online. If you want to prematurely end a tournament and have prizes awarded,
the best you can do is set the phase to post-game and then run cleanup.

During cleanup, winners are recorded, credits (if any were specified) are
posted and winners are notified by e-mail.



